16 roadmap

2nd player, is it working

win/lose screen, after run.c

select file-name menu:
    depends on the context, look for song files if in song mode, for tiles if in tile mode, etc.
    alphabetical list (from sd card), also load previous game.  (swap whenever loading a different game.)
    switch to file name editor

run.c:
    hide sprites which are completely set inside another block with zero velocity.
        pop them out when tiles are destroyed
    
    trigger edge behavior when hitting the edge of the map

    sprite attacks on tiles, too.

sprite pattern commands:  no loops are possible, march through commands
GO_LOOK:
    look for closest player, change direction based on argument
    also "fires" shot if player is within range.

allow for 8 unlock commands, 
    4 tied to tiles, 
    one for startup / level initialization, 
    one for game loop, (constantly running)
    one for win,
    one for dead,

unlock pattern commands:
    0 wait / end.  for the win unlock, this will stop the game when "end"ing.
    1 heal player (1 bit which player, 3 bits how much.  0->8)
    2 hurt player (1 bit which player, 3 bits how much.)
    3 set damage multiplier -- start every sprite with 15 health, you can have single or double damage hits, but if the damage multiplier is f, even a single hit is fatal.
    4 set game-type (platformer, top-down adventure) via GRAVITY
        determine platformer or not by GRAVITY only.  don't have separate variable.
    5 set spawn location to player 0 location (2 bits for offset in each direction)
    6 set spawn location to player 1 location (2 bits for offset in each direction)
    7 move spawn location +-x; note spawn location starts at unlock tile/sprite position
    8 move spawn location +-y
    9 spawn sprite
    a spawn tile (this can also destroy a tile if you spawn an "air" tile)
    b 
    c repeat next few commands.  first 2 bits for how many times to repeat, second 2 bits for how many commands get repeated
    d make noise
    e randomize command
    f shake screen
