16 roadmap

win/lose screen, after run.c

select file-name menu:
    depends on the context, look for song files if in song mode, for tiles if in tile mode, etc.
    alphabetical list (from sd card), also load previous game.  (swap whenever loading a different game.)
    switch to file name editor

run.c:
    hide sprites which are completely set inside another block with zero velocity.
        pop them out when tiles are destroyed
    
    trigger edge behavior when hitting the edge of the map

    sprite attacks on tiles, too.

allow for 8 unlock commands, 
    4 tied to tiles, 
    one for startup / level initialization, 
    one for game loop, (constantly running)
    one for win,
    one for dead,

unlock pattern commands:
    0 wait / end.  for the win unlock, this will stop the game when "end"ing.
    1 set game-type (platformer, top-down adventure) via GRAVITY
        determine platformer or not by GRAVITY only.  don't have separate variable.
    2 set damage multiplier -- start every sprite with 15 health, you can have single or double damage hits, but if the damage multiplier is f, even a single hit is fatal.
    3 hurt/heal player (1 bit which player, 1 bit sign, 2 bits how much.  0->4)
    5 set spawn location to player 0 location (2 bits for offset in each direction)
    6 set spawn location to player 1 location (2 bits for offset in each direction)
    7 move spawn location +-x; note spawn location starts at unlock tile/sprite position
    8 move spawn location +-y; use 0 -> 8, so we have -8 to 8 excluding zero.
    9 spawn tile (this can also destroy a tile if you spawn an "air" tile)
    a spawn sprite
    b set spawn sprite velocity (x for values < 8, y for values >= 8, 2s complement)
    c make noise
    d shake screen
    e randomize command
    f jump


new file format:
    G16 = palette, instruments, verse, anthem (with maybe padding), go, unlocks, tile, sprite, map

to get from old to new, just concatenate files after you set your anthem to full length, if not already.
then reduce your anthem (if necessary) to right size.
